Plan will come back and there's where you were quickly looking at a bit more information about the debugger
just because it's such a greatly useful tool that I didn't want to go any further without talking to
you a bit more about it.
We've looked that about setting up the breakpoint here at the very end and then pressing the bug icon
and that starts up the debugger.
And I did mention this stops the program here and we could look at the different variables that we've
got available and we could also execute arbitrary Python code here as well.
We can do things like five plus five and we get 10 back and things like that.
We also look at variables.
We've got like content and we can also execute things like this.
You are Pascua QSL thing whether we can also stop the program before the last line.
That kind of makes sense.
But let's look at how we might do that and why that might be useful.
So I'm just going to restart the debugger by pressing this icon here.
And Norristown other blue appears on the first line.
Well not the first one but the first line of code.
Now we are up here which means we still have not executed this line.
OK.
That means we have three variables available to us the constants off to a new are the parse these three
things that we've imported.
Notice how they have a type of module.
We do not have a consumer variable.
And if we open up the calculator and we type in consumer we get a name error.
This is not defined because we haven't executed this line yet.
See our program was failing and we didn't really know why.
What we might do is stop somewhere before it starts failing.
Maybe that's the beginning of the program.
Maybe that's somewhere in the middle that we know is working so we stop somewhere there and then what
we can do is before running any code select this thing here.
This is creating a consumer object.
It's creating something.
And if we want to verify that it works we can just select it pressed the calculator icon press evaluate
.
OK that created something.
It didn't give us an error.
So we know that works.
So now we can move onto the next line and what that's going to do is it's going to execute this line
here.
It's once again going to run this thing going to create a consumer and it's going to assign it to the
consumer variable.
So how do we move on to the next line.
Well this icon here it says step over.
And when we press it we move onto the next line and this one gets executed.
Notice how now we have a blue variable down here which is where we've just executed just created and
that's a consumer object.
And this consumer here has the key and the secret that we have assigned to it.
And now if we didn't know if the client is working we can do the same thing evaluate that.
OK that seems to be working fine so let's move on to the next line and then we've got this one here
.
We can select this request and see if that works.
And it seems like it does.
It isn't returning an error which means it's probably fine.
We have a set of bytes which is the content of the response.
We can close that and press the next line.
Now we can see the response status by selecting it and pressing the calculator back on its 200 which
means we should not go into this line.
It should go straight into this one.
So when we press the next line that is correctly what happens.
So we know that this thing work here and now we can finally run this code here and see if that does
what we want.
And it seems like it does.
So we can go into the next line and that's the end of the program and then we go into Python code only
so we can just press this button here resume program and that just goes to your next breakpoint.
We don't have a next breakpoint because we're down here so we can just press play.
And that just ends our program.
So that was a bit more information on using the debugger moving onto the next line and how you might
go about using it to fix your programs.
A debugger is used to debug remove bugs and is extremely useful when you have approach a problem.
Your program can of breaks or stops or you've got an error.
There you go through and try to fix it like that.
Obviously you can always ask a question in the course Kuban as well.
And we're there to help too.
That's everything for this video and I'll see you on the next one.